# OA Feeds

OA Feeds provides *outgoing* RSS feeds for Open Atrium. Currently supporting the dashboard (Recent 
activity). This module is not related to the Feeds module or the Atrium Reader feature. 

## Where to Go To See Something
1. Visit a user's profile. There is a block there.
2. Customize the dashboard adding OA Feeds blocks.
3. http://example.com/dashboard/all/feed

## Architecture

OA Feeds leverages the tokenauth module (preferrably 6.x-1.x-dev 2010-08-17) to grant users with 
the 'access tokenauth' permission a 23-character alphanumeric token that will identify them to Open 
Atrium so that the posts visible to their user account are accessible via the RSS feed, even though 
they are not formally logged in to the site. In this way, the Recent activity a user wants to see 
from Atrium can be pulled directly into Google Reader or their Reader of choice (including Atrium 
Reader!).

## Security Caution

Please be aware that using this feature means a plaintext string will be available in the Feed 
Readers of all users canny enough to pursue RSS notifications. Google could learn node titles, 
group names, and so on.

If such information is sensitive on your Open Atrium site, *DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE*.

### Resetting the Secure Token
If you are comfortable using this module, but are still concerned about malicious people
getting ahold of a token and "stalking" your content, there is a global token reset
mechanism located at admin/settings/tokenauth. Furthermore, every user profile page
has a token reset button specific to that user. Administrators with 'administer
users' permission have access to this button, along with the user it is associated
with.

You are still responsible for communicating the token reset to your users.

(For your convenience, Token Authentication now provides drush commands for token reset, too.)

### Tokenauth Settings
Be extra careful in considering which users should have access to the 'administrate
tokenauth' permission. Tokenauth Administrators have the ability change the Drupal
paths for which tokenauth will provide plaintext authentication. If something like
`node/*` were added to this configuration, you would allow anyone with access to a token
associated with a user with content creation permission to add content to your site.

You could also create security holes by granting access to `admin/*`.

Such things are contra-indicated.

## Less Visible Features

This feature adds another block "RSS Feeds for Current Space" which you may enable as
a dashboard block at admin/settings/dashboard. This block displays a link customized
for the current user to the dashboard feed along with that user's token.

This block will be updated with additional links if and when more are supported by
this Feature.

## FAQ

Q. Why is the Token 23 characters long?
A. I thought it a good balance between avoiding a memorizable length and being a URL of silly
size. You may change this setting as you like with that in mind.

## Maintainer
Adam B. Ross, grayside.org